I said lawyer Zhao, I don't want lawyer Lan
I only want lawyer Tang
Why are you so funny?
Aren't all lawyers the same?
Your case is not complicated
I've heard it all
Lawyer Tang did not make a mistake at all
It's your own people who won't let Lawyer Tang go to work
The police didn't say anything
Why are you investigating him? What's the use of telling me this?
Liu Ying, why are you here?
Why are you here?
Net mess me up
I just finished my interview.
Come and say hello and leave
Don't worry, it won't delay your promotion and fortune.
It's not what you say
It seems like what have I done to you?
Attorney Tang, I was looking for you
I heard you were suspended
Just because of a dead person
Never mind. I will be back in a few days. But I can't wait!
You can change your lawyer
Every lawyer in Kinmen is amazing
Are very responsible
Don't worry, but I only trust you.
Lawyer Tang, you are so right
I now dare to ask my husband how much he earns a month
How dare I ask before?
I'm afraid he won't give me money if he's angry.
You also said that if it weren't for your mother-in-law making trouble
How could Lawyer Tang let you talk to me?
It's not that you made it clear what happened to my mother-in-law
You actually don't know what Zhang Boran picked
Still think the door is not messy enough?
Director Guy, I remember I told you
My client is very strict
It's not in litigation yet.
He definitely won't say it
But his mother-in-law can say my name with precision
What's going on?